Remove unsupported platforms from EFM, MTK, and EPRS (#5783)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/eprs/7/05_smr_operation/01_prerequisites/06_verifying_host_accessibility.mdx

Bringing up loopback interface:                            [  OK  ]
```

> Use the following command for Rocky Linux 8 or AlmaLinux 8 or RHEL 8:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following command for RHEL/Rocky Linux/AlmaLinux or and later:
```
